[Skia] `Frame` improvements (#17615)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/controls/Frame.md

---
uid: Uno.Controls.Frame
---

# Frame

> [!TIP]

> > This article covers Uno-specific information for Frame. For a full description of the feature and instructions on using it, see [Link text](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.controls.frame?view=windows-app-sdk-1.5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This article covers Uno-specific information for the `Frame` class. For a full description of the feature and instructions on using it, see [Frame class](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.controls.frame)
```
